c:\users\benedikt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DataBinding\DataBinding\bin\Debug\DataBinding.exe.config
c:\users\benedikt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DataBinding\DataBinding\bin\Debug\DataBinding.exe
c:\users\benedikt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DataBinding\DataBinding\bin\Debug\DataBinding.pdb
c:\users\benedikt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DataBinding\DataBinding\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Interactions.dll
c:\users\benedikt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DataBinding\DataBinding\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.dll
c:\users\benedikt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DataBinding\DataBinding\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.Interactivity.dll
c:\users\benedikt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DataBinding\DataBinding\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
c:\users\benedikt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DataBinding\DataBinding\bin\Debug\PixelLab.Common.dll
c:\users\benedikt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DataBinding\DataBinding\bin\Debug\PixelLab.Core.dll
c:\users\benedikt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DataBinding\DataBinding\bin\Debug\PixelLab.Wpf.dll
c:\users\benedikt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DataBinding\DataBinding\bin\Debug\System.Windows.Interactivity.dll
c:\users\benedikt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DataBinding\DataBinding\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.xml
c:\users\benedikt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DataBinding\DataBinding\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.Prism.Interactivity.xml
c:\users\benedikt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DataBinding\DataBinding\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
c:\users\benedikt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DataBinding\DataBinding\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
c:\users\benedikt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DataBinding\DataBinding\bin\Debug\PixelLab.Common.pdb
c:\users\benedikt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DataBinding\DataBinding\bin\Debug\PixelLab.Common.xml
c:\users\benedikt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DataBinding\DataBinding\bin\Debug\PixelLab.Core.pdb
c:\users\benedikt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DataBinding\DataBinding\bin\Debug\PixelLab.Core.xml
c:\users\benedikt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DataBinding\DataBinding\bin\Debug\PixelLab.Wpf.pdb
c:\users\benedikt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DataBinding\DataBinding\bin\Debug\PixelLab.Wpf.xml
c:\users\benedikt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DataBinding\DataBinding\obj\Debug\DataBinding.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\benedikt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DataBinding\DataBinding\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\benedikt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DataBinding\DataBinding\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\benedikt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DataBinding\DataBinding\obj\Debug\DataBinding_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\benedikt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DataBinding\DataBinding\obj\Debug\DataBinding_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\benedikt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DataBinding\DataBinding\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\benedikt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DataBinding\DataBinding\obj\Debug\DataBinding.g.resources
c:\users\benedikt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DataBinding\DataBinding\obj\Debug\DataBinding.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\benedikt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DataBinding\DataBinding\obj\Debug\DataBinding.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\benedikt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DataBinding\DataBinding\obj\Debug\DataBinding.exe
c:\users\benedikt\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\DataBinding\DataBinding\obj\Debug\DataBinding.pdb
C:\Users\Benedikt\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\DataBinding\DataBinding\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
